what's up everyone I'm Sylvio Perez I'm
the founder of AD conversion we teach
B2B marketers how to scale paid ads with
free advertising courses taught by the
world's best practitioners and in this
quick tutorial I want to show you how to
install the LinkedIn ads pixel in four
steps so step number one is going to be
to create a free LinkedIn ads account
step number two is going to be able to
navigate to the Insight section in our
ads account to grab our pixel code step
number three is going to be how to
install that pixel and I'm going to show
you how to do that with Google tag
manager and then finally in Step number
four we're going to preview that our tag
is firing in Google tag manager to make
sure that our pixel was installed
properly so without further Ado let's
get into it so to get started log into
your LinkedIn ads account and then once
you logged into your to your LinkedIn
profile and once you log into your
LinkedIn profile you're going to see the
ability to advertise here on the top
right if you don't see the advertise
button then just click on this Square
here and then you will see it down here
where it says Explore More for business
and then just click on advertise on on
LinkedIn now once you do that it's going
to ask you to get started so all you got
to do is sign in and then you're going
to sign into the campaign manager and
then once you do that you're here in the
campaign manager that's the steps and
you'll have to create a LinkedIn ads
account so right now it automatically
put me into my LinkedIn ads account so
if this is your first time in the
campaign manager you're going to see
something like this and I'm going to go
ahead and create an account right here
on the top left I'm going to give this
account a name so you can name it
whatever your company is that's what I
would recommend make sure you put the
currency in your actual currency because
this is going to be reflected on your
cost charges in the uh metrics reporting
and then finally make sure to associate
your LinkedIn page it says that it's
optional but it shouldn't you should
think of this as not optional because
you're not going to be able to do a lot
in the ads manager in terms of
implementing certain types of ads
without that page Association so go
ahead and make sure you link the right
Page by typing in the name of your page
so in my case it's add conversion I can
choose my page and then make sure that
it's linked once you do that we're going
to move on to the next step which is to
grab our pixel code so we're going to
navigate here to our ads manager we're
going to click on analyze Insight tag
and then we're going to want to install
the inside tag so we've got a couple of
different options here what we're going
to be using today is the ability to
install it ourself so if you click on I
will use a tag manager it's going to
show you your partner ID which you can
copy this is one way we can go or the
other way is we can just copy the whole
pixel code and then install it oursel in
tag manager as a custom HTML tag so go
ahead and grab your code so what we're
going to do is we're going to grab the
partner ID code right here and then
we're going to log into Google tag
manager and if you've never created
Google tag manager before just create a
free account at tag manager. goole.com
and then install the global snip it onto
your website across the head and body
tag and then once you do that you're
going to navigate here to click on new
tag and we're going to build this new
tag to be able to set up our pixel so we
got to give this a name proper hygiene
here is important so let's name it
accordingly we're going to say LinkedIn
pixel is the name of the tag and then
the trigger is going to be all pages cuz
we want to cookie people who visited all
of our different pages on our site so
for the tag configuration if you click
on that you can click on this little
search bar up here and you can search
LinkedIn and you're going to see here on
the more section it's going to call
LinkedIn insight and then this is where
you can drop in your tag ID that we
grabbed right here so this partner ID
you can grab that in drop it right here
and then for the trigger we can put all
pages we can save this and then away as
we go we're good to go in terms of
setting up this LinkedIn pixel and now
we'll preview it which is our final step
one other thing I want you to see just
so you have all the flexibility is if in
the case you wanted to install the tag
bya custom HTML you can just click I
will install the tag myself copy the
code go back into tag manager change the
tag configuration to custom HTML and
then drop the script and then have it
set to fire on all pages regardless of
which option you choose the alcm is the
exact same you're going to install your
LinkedIn ads pixel so I'm going to go
ahead and save this and once I save it
now what I want to do is preview that
it's firing properly on my website so
I'm going to grab my website domain URL
right here and we are going to click
preview and let's go ahead and install
this tag so we're going to connect it to
my website all right tag assistant is
loaded and then I'm going to click here
on the left I'm going to look under tags
and then what I want to look for is my
LinkedIn pixel so you can see here
LinkedIn pixel all pages I went ahead
and it fired one time based on this page
load which is exactly what we want make
sure you don't see duplications of
triggers so for example you can see I
have a LinkedIn Insight tag and then a
LinkedIn Insight pixel I had already
installed the pixel from way back when I
started advertising on link LinkedIn in
this account but I wanted to create a
new one just for the sake of
demonstration so I want to actually
submit this live but just to show you
that's something to be mindful of the
second thing you're going to want to
look out for is if you see multiple
fires and you only wanted it to fire
once on a page load and you see it's
duplicated it fired two times three
times that could be an issue to look
into as well so with that we are set now
we just go into Google tag manager
submit our changes always put your
version change added LinkedIn pixel
publish this and then ways you go you
are all set so now when you go back into
your LinkedIn insights section here on
your LinkedIn ads manager you can just
navigate to plan audiences and then you
can start to create audiences and over
time once the Insight tag starts to
build a large enough pool you'll be able
to navigate towards website demographics
and then you'll actually see insights
here based on the users that are
visiting your site and how Link in is
classifying them so that's it for this
video I hope you got some value from it
if you're curious this video is part of
a master series that I'm doing on how to
master B2B remarketing so make sure to
check out the other videos in this
playlist and then this article that you
see me screen sharing right here that
we're working off of for this video you
can access that article in the
description box down below and this
article is all about how to build a
multi- channel B2B retargeting strategy
so definitely want to go ahead and get
your hands on that but yeah without
further Ado I'll see you in the next one